PBM-539 Updated install/upgrade docs with installing fro pbm repo (#410)
percona/percona-backup-mongodb: doc/source/installation.rst

================================================================================

It is recommended to install |pbm| from official |percona| repositories by using

> the |percona-release| utility. Starting from v1.2.1, |pbm| packages are stored in the *pbm* repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the |percona-release| utility. Starting from v1.3.0, |pbm| packages are stored in the *pbm* repository.
```
